Update extension publishing process (#16592)
docker/docs: desktop/extensions-sdk/extensions/publish.md

## Submit your extension to the marketplace

Docker Desktop displays published extensions in the Extensions Marketplace on [Docker Desktop](https://open.docker.com/extensions/marketplace){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"} and [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/search?q=&type=extension){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"}.

> The Extensions Marketplace is a curated space where developers can discover extensions to improve their developer experience and propose their own extension to be available for all Desktop users.

Reviewer: I actually think it's still curated with categories, labels, etc. but ok with removing it.

> The Extensions Marketplace is a curated space where developers can discover extensions to improve their developer experience and propose their own extension to be available for all Desktop users.

Author: Yes I agree, I kept curated here

Whenever you feel ready to publish your extension in the Marketplace, you can submit it by creating an issue on [this repository](https://github.com/docker/extensions-submissions){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" }.

From there you can choose either to request a review from the Docker Extension team before listing, or not. This review process ensures a level of trust, and quality for developers using Docker Extensions and allows for extension developers to get feedback.
However, it makes the publishing process longer. If you don't want to request a review, some automatic checks will be performed before listing your extension. 

### Before you submit

> Before you submit your extension, it must be [validated](validate.md).

Reviewer: I might suggest changing it to say Whenever you are ready vs feel ready. 
I'd add a comma ager From there, 
I'd drop either - You can choose to request a review...
No need for a , after trust.
I'd say If you choose a review, the publishing process will take longer.

> Ensure your extension has followed the guidelines outlined in this section before submitting for your extension for review. Docker highly encourages you to check the guidelines to increase the user adoption of your extension. In case you requested a review from the Docker Extension team, not doing so may considerably impact the duration of the process.

Author: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended your extension follows the guidelines outlined in this section before submitting your extension. In case you requested a review from the Docker Extension team, not doing so may considerably impact the duration of the process.
```

## Submit your extension to the marketplace

Docker Desktop displays published extensions in the Extensions Marketplace on [Docker Desktop](https://open.docker.com/extensions/marketplace){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"} and [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/search?q=&type=extension){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"}.
The Extensions Marketplace is a curated space where developers can discover extensions to improve their developer experience and propose their own extension to be available for all Desktop users.

Whenever you are ready to publish your extension in the Marketplace, you can submit it by creating an issue on the
extensions submissions [repository](https://github.com/docker/extensions-submissions/issues/new/choose){:target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" }.

> From there, you have two options to submit your extension:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From there, you have two publishing options. Publish as either:
```

> - Self Published extensions

Author: ```suggestion
- Self-Published extensions
```

- Docker Reviewed extensions

> As the Extension Marketplace continues adding new features for both Extension users and publishers, expect that you

Reviewer: Missing "we" after users and publishers,

> As the Extension Marketplace continues adding new features for both Extension users and publishers, expect that you

Author: ```suggestion
As the Extension Marketplace continues adding new features for both Extension users and publishers, we expect that you
```

## Submit your extension to the marketplace

Docker Desktop displays published extensions in the Extensions Marketplace on [Docker Desktop](https://open.docker.com/extensions/marketplace){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"} and [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/search?q=&type=extension){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"}.
The Extensions Marketplace is a curated space where developers can discover extensions to improve their developer experience and propose their own extension to be available for all Desktop users.

Whenever you are [ready to publish](./DISTRIBUTION.md) your extension in the Marketplace, you have two publishing options:

> [Self-Publish your extension](https://github.com/docker/extensions-submissions/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=1_automatic_review.yaml&title=%5BSubmission%5D%3A+){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" .button .primary-btn }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Self-publish your extension](https://github.com/docker/extensions-submissions/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=1_automatic_review.yaml&title=%5BSubmission%5D%3A+){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" .button .primary-btn }
```

> [Request Docker to review your extension](https://www.docker.com/products/extensions/submissions/){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" .button .primary-btn }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Request that Docker reviews your extension](https://www.docker.com/products/extensions/submissions/){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" .button .primary-btn }
```

> **Note**
>

> > As the Extension Marketplace continues adding new features for both Extension users and publishers, we expect that you

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> As the Extension Marketplace continues to add new features for both Extension users and publishers, we expect you
```

> > maintain your extension over time to ensure it stays available in the Marketplace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> to maintain your extension over time to ensure it stays available in the Marketplace.
```

### Before you submit

Before you submit your extension, it must pass the [validation](validate.md) checks.

> It is highly recommended your extension follows the guidelines outlined in this section before submitting your

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended that your extension follows the guidelines outlined in this section before submitting your
```

> extension. In case you requested a review from the Docker Extension team, not doing so may considerably impact the duration of the process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
extension. If you request a review from the Docker Extensions team and have not followed the guidelines above, the review process may take longer. 
```

- Test your extension on various platforms (Mac, Windows, Linux)
- Read the [Terms of Service](https://www.docker.com/legal/extensions_marketplace_developer_agreement/){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" }

### Which process to choose

When creating the issue on the extensions submissions repository, you can choose to request a review from the Docker
Extension team before listing your extension. Whether you choose one or the other, the publishing process will be
different.

> #### No review requested

Author: should we mention that a published not reviewed extension can be reviewed later?

- Test your extension on various platforms (Mac, Windows, Linux)
- Read the [Terms of Service](https://www.docker.com/legal/extensions_marketplace_developer_agreement/){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" }

### After you submit requesting a review from Docker Extensions team

> Once you’ve submitted your extensionand requested a review from the Docker Extension team, here is what you can expect from the process:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once you’ve submitted your extension and requested a review from the Docker Extension team, here is what you can expect from the process:
```

Reviewer: I'd change the title After you submit - Extensions being reviewed by the Docker Extensions team

Author: I have done things in another way in 82ee3e80ab

- Test your extension on various platforms (Mac, Windows, Linux)
- Read the [Terms of Service](https://www.docker.com/legal/extensions_marketplace_developer_agreement/){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" }

### Which publishing option to choose

> When submitting an extension from the extensions submissions [repository](https://github.com/docker/extensions-submissions/issues/new/choose){:target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" }, you have two options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When submitting an extension to the extensions submissions [repository](https://github.com/docker/extensions-submissions/issues/new/choose){:target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" }, you have two publishing options. Publish as either:
```

> - Self Published extensions

Reviewer 3: Not 100% sure, but doesn't self-published act here as an adjective of the noun extensions? (and the same for the rest of references across the page) /cc @aevesdocker 

```suggestion
- Self-Published extensions
```

Reviewer 2: You are indeed correct @felipecruz91, this is a compound adjective and should be hyphenated

- Docker Reviewed extensions

> Whether you choose one option or the other, the publishing process will be different.

Reviewer: I might suggest "Depending on which option you select, the publishing process will differ."

> Whether you choose one option or the other, the publishing process will be different.

Author: ```suggestion
Depending on which option you select, the publishing process will differ.
```

> #### Process for Self Published extensions

Author: ```suggestion
#### Process for Self-Published extensions
```

> Self Published extensions are automatically validated. If all the validation checks pass successfully, it will be

Author: ```suggestion
Self-Published extensions are automatically validated. If all the validation checks pass successfully, it will be
```

> published on the Marketplace and accessible to all users within few hours.

Reviewer: I'd change to within a few hours. (Justing missing **a** there!)

> published on the Marketplace and accessible to all users within few hours.

Author: ```suggestion
published on the Marketplace and accessible to all users within a few hours.
```

> published on the Marketplace and accessible to all users within few hours.

Author: ```suggestion
published on the Marketplace and accessible to all users within a few hours.
```

{: .important}

#### Process for Docker Reviewed extensions

Docker Reviewed extensions are manually reviewed by the Docker Extensions team. This process ensures a level of trust
and quality for developers using Docker Extensions and allows for extension developers to get feedback.

Although we strive for having your submission approved as soon as possible, bear in mind this is a manual process to
ensure extensions meet high standards. If your extension is complex, if it doesn't follow the guidelines, or if you
didn't complete the submission form properly, it may require more time to review your extension.

Once the extension reviewed, we will do our best to provide adequate and actionable feedback for you so that you can
improve it. If your extension has been rejected, you can communicate directly with us.

The review process also offers some advantages for extension developers of reviewed and approved extensions:
- The extension appears as "Reviewed" in the Marketplace
- The extension will be added to our monthly "Docker Extensions Roundup" blog post
- The same blog post will be featured in our monthly newsletter
- The extension will be promoted on our social media channels

> - You will receive weekly reports on your extension performance

Author: I think I got this info from a mail @amyb12345 sent to a publisher. And since it is doable from Looker I guess it happens

- Test your extension on various platforms (Mac, Windows, Linux)
- Read the [Terms of Service](https://www.docker.com/legal/extensions_marketplace_developer_agreement/){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" }

### Which publishing option to choose

When submitting an extension to the extensions submissions [repository](https://github.com/docker/extensions-submissions/issues/new/choose){:target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" }, you have two publishing options. Publish as either:

> - Self-Published extensions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A self-published extension
```

> - Docker Reviewed extensions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A Docker-reviewed extension
```

Depending on which option you select, the publishing process will differ.

> #### Process for Self-Published extensions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Process for Self-published extensions
```

> Self-Published extensions are automatically validated. If all the validation checks pass successfully, it is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Self-published extensions are automatically validated. If all the validation checks pass successfully, it is
```

published on the Marketplace and accessible to all users within a few hours.
It is the fastest way to get developers the tools they need and to get feedback from them as you work to
evolve/polish your extension. You can request a review from the Docker Extensions team at any time.

> **Important**
>
> Docker Desktop caches the list of extensions available in the Marketplace for 12 hours. If you don't see your
> extension in the Marketplace, you can restart Docker Desktop to force the cache to be refreshed.
{: .important}

> #### Process for Docker Reviewed extensions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Process for Docker-reviewed extensions
```

> Docker Reviewed extensions are manually reviewed by the Docker Extensions team. This process ensures a level of trust

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Docker-reviewed extensions are manually reviewed by the Docker Extensions team. This process ensures a level of trust
```

and quality for developers using Docker Extensions and allows extension developers to get feedback.

> Although we strive for having your submission approved as soon as possible, bear in mind this is a manual process to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although we strive to have your submission approved as soon as possible, bear in mind this is a manual process to
```

ensure extensions meet high standards. If your extension is complex, if it doesn't follow the guidelines, or if you

> didn't complete the submission form properly, it may require more time to review your extension.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
didn't complete the submission form properly, it may take longer to review your extension.
```

> Once the extension reviewed, we will do our best to provide adequate and actionable feedback for you so that you can

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the extension is reviewed, we will do our best to provide adequate and actionable feedback for you so that you can
```

improve it. If your extension has been rejected, you can communicate directly with us.

The review process also offers some advantages for extension developers of reviewed and approved extensions:

> - The extension appears as "Reviewed" in the Marketplace

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The extension appears as **Reviewed** in the Marketplace
```
